Server started
No tickets
n: new Ticket, q: Quit

New Client: client1
No tickets
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
No tickets
n: new Ticket, q: Quit

New Client: client2
No tickets
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
No tickets
n: new Ticket, q: Quit

New Client: client3
No tickets
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
n

Tickets:
ticket1 -> unassigned
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
n

Tickets:
ticket1 -> unassigned
ticket2 -> unassigned
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
n

Tickets:
ticket1 -> unassigned
ticket2 -> unassigned
ticket3 -> unassigned
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
n

Tickets:
ticket1 -> unassigned
ticket2 -> unassigned
ticket3 -> unassigned
ticket4 -> unassigned
n: new Ticket, q: Quit

Tickets:
ticket1 -> unassigned
ticket2 -> client1
ticket3 -> unassigned
ticket4 -> unassigned
n: new Ticket, q: Quit

Tickets:
ticket1 -> client2
ticket2 -> client1
ticket3 -> unassigned
ticket4 -> unassigned
n: new Ticket, q: Quit

Tickets:
ticket1 -> client2
ticket2 -> client1
ticket3 -> unassigned
ticket4 -> client3
n: new Ticket, q: Quit
